Correction/chapter system settings (#181)
AvolitesLtd/TitanManual: docs/system-settings/dmx-output-mapping.md

nodes are linked to that line. The default setting on a new show is for
the physical DMX outputs on the console to be linked to the first DMX
lines.

![DMX Settings Window](/docs/images/DMX-Settings-Window.png)

To assign a node to a line click on the node on the left hand side (e.g.
on **Expert DMX A**) and then on the line (right hand side) you want this 
node to assign to. The node will disappear on the left hand side as it is 
not unassigned any more, and will show up on the right hand side under 
the line it is assigned to.

![Node in DMX Settings Window](/docs/images/Node-in-DMX-Settings-Window.png)

To delete a node from the DMX lines, click on the **X** button. To delete
all nodes from a line, click on the **Group delete button** (the **X** button 
in the very DMX line). To delete all nodes from all lines, click on the **X** 
button close to the header DMX lines.

In order to change the assignment, i.e. to assign a node to a different line,
you need to delete it from the line it is assigned to (by clicking on the **X**)
first - the node now appears as unassigned on the left hand side - and can now
assign it to a different line.

> When patching Art-Net and Streaming ACN nodes you can patch a number of universes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When patching Art-Net and sACN nodes you can patch a number of universes
```

in one go: select the first node you want to assign (i.e. sACN: Universe 1) on the left 
hand side enter values for \[Universe\] and \[Quantity\] with the softkeys, and then
click on the line from which on you want to assign this. Titan will then patch 

> the number of universes on consecutive lines.

Reviewer: Would this be clearer as an ordered list?

Author: I don't think this is worth it.

Reviewer: Yup fair enough

![DMX Settings Window](/docs/images/DMX-Settings-Window.png)

To assign a node to a line click on the node on the left hand side (e.g.
on **Expert DMX A**) and then on the line (right hand side) you want this 
node to assign to. The node will disappear on the left hand side as it is 
not unassigned any more, and will show up on the right hand side under 
the line it is assigned to.

![Node in DMX Settings Window](/docs/images/Node-in-DMX-Settings-Window.png)

To delete a node from the DMX lines, click on the **X** button. To delete
all nodes from a line, click on the **Group delete button** (the **X** button 

> in the very Dmx Line). To delete all nodes from all lines, click on the **X** 
> button close to the header Dmx Lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the very DMX Line). To delete all nodes from all lines, click on the **X** 
button close to the header DMX Lines.
```

This is what is causing the test to fail

Author: Thanks

Reviewer: It need to be **DMX** not **Dmx**, so unfortunately de88164 won't pass either

Reviewer 2: "very DMX line" isn't the right way to say it, I think it would be best to say "the X button next to the DMX line". 

A picture might be good here as there are a lot of different X buttons...

Author: Thanks again. I hope I don't keep you too busy :)

Author: My dear british comrades, you are always welcome to correct my wording - I know that my writing probably isn't perfect. Actually I do all this while checking the **german** translation...

Reviewer: > Thanks again. I hope I don't keep you too busy :)

Thankfully there are long VTs on this show
